King's Landing
You are kidding
King's Landing has some things to say
I'm not talking nonsense.
Last night I went to the Skyline Hotel
Not only did he break Chu Yu's legs
He also crippled the four masters of the Chu family
And finally.
People from the top ten families in Shangjing knelt before me and confessed their mistakes
I didn't agree.
I asked them to apologize to the Ye family
You saw Yufei last night
Those who came last night
Everyone who kneels down is beaten by you
No wonder they are so afraid of you
Xiao Jinlian, you made another mistake when you thought about it, right?
It's up to you to beat the four disabled experts of the Chu family alone
He also broke Chu Yu's legs
Do you think anyone believes what you say?
It's Xiao Xiao
Hello face
You don't want to say it
You go to the Chu family to apologize in person
It's something that everybody understands.
But you can't make it look like this.
That's the big talk
Don't talk nonsense
The Chu family finally forgave us
What if the Chu family hears this?
How do we end up?
Grandma has a big problem
What's the matter, I got a message here.
The second lady of the Chu family last night
I had my legs broken.
What are you doing to your feet and heads?